Fix slow hierarchy filtering with large number of filtered paths (#711)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/tall-comics-compare.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-hierarchies": minor
---

> Increased the speed of hierarchy filtering with large number of filtered paths.

Reviewer: should list all the api additions / changes you made in this pr

Author: Added

Reviewer: I'm now thinking it would be nice to also specify the scope of improvement, e.g.:

```
Increased the speed of hierarchy filtering with large number of filtered paths.

| Amount of paths | Before the change | After the change |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1k | ...
| 10k | ...
| 50k | ...

In addition, changed `NodeParser` (return type of `HierarchyDefinition.parseNode`):
- It now can return a promise, so instead of just `SourceInstanceHierarchyNode` it can now also return `Promise<SourceInstanceHierarchyNode>`.
- Additionally, it now accepts an optional `parentNode` argument of `HierarchyDefinitionParentNode` type.
```

Author: Updated

---
"@itwin/presentation-hierarchies": minor
---

> - Increased the speed of hierarchy filtering with large number of filtered paths.
> 
> - Added `compare` function to `HierarchyNodeIdentifier`.
> 
> - Changed `NodeParser`, it now returns `SourceInstanceHierarchyNode | Promise<SourceInstanceHierarchyNode>`.

Reviewer: The first row should not be a bullet point, otherwise the final changelog renders weirdly. Also made API addition descriptions more specific.

```suggestion
Increased the speed of hierarchy filtering with large number of filtered paths.

- Added `HierarchyNodeIdentifier.compare` function to compare two identifiers.
- Changed `NodeParser` (return type of `HierarchyDefinition.parseNode`), to additionally allow returning a promise, so instead of just `SourceInstanceHierarchyNode` it can now also return `Promise<SourceInstanceHierarchyNode>`.
```
